Once upon a time there lived a little boy, who we'll just call Little Blue.
Little Blue lived in a little village with a little bakery and in a little
house with his little mother. One day, Little Blue's little mother told
Little Blue to go to the bakery, to get a little loaf of bread to bring to
his little grandmother who lived deep in the woods. So he went to the
little bakery, bought a little loaf of bread and went into the woods...

Little Blue had a little bit of a journey ahead of him. He passed through the 
little logs andthe little brush. He continued through the little bridge on the 
little creek and past the little valley. His trip was quite uneventful until he 
heard a rustling noise in a nearby bush. He went to investigate...
	
Little blue could not believe his little eyes, the thing creating the noise
was little and blue just like him. He yelled out to it and said "What is 
something as little and as blue as me doing in the little valley?". The thing 
yelled back "Why the same little reason as you! My little grandmother lives 
back hear and needs her little loaf of  bread, she lives just past the river, 
will you help my little blue self get across?". Little blue responded, "Certainly 
I will, as for me not to help someone as little and blue as me would be a little 
weird.". Little Blue and his little friend began on the next step in their little journey.  

As Little Blue was talking to the other little guy, he realized that the directions 
given to him were the same as his. He was alittle weirded out. What was happening he 
wondered? He thought his grandma's house was isolated with no other home in sight, 
yet this little other guy kept giving him the directions to HIS grandma's house. 
"Something fishy is going on here" thought Little Blue. Once they arrived to the other 
guy's grandma's house, he realized it was his grandma's house and well. Except 
there was no house. Instead there was a black hole.He looked at the other little 
guy, and he explained that he's actually him from the future, here to visit Little 
Blue and warn him of his grandma's future. He says that "a big storm is a brewing 
from the east and it's best if she lives with you guys instead". Right after, future 
Little Blue jumped back into the portal, leaving Little Blue confused by the riddle. 
"Is this a dream?" thought Little Blue.

When little blue look back at the portal/black-hole, it was gone and in its place was
his little grandma's house. Little blue gave his grandmother the little loaf of bread,
and suggested she come back with him to his little village. The grandma relluctantly 
agreed to come back but only if she could bring her little red cloak with her. Little
Blue thought it was a weird request but agreed, and so they went back together. Little Red
and Little Blue. 
